c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\bin\Debug\FifthDay.exe.config
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\bin\Debug\FifthDay.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\bin\Debug\FifthDay.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\FifthDay.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\FifthDay_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\FifthDay_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\FifthDay.g.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\FifthDay.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\FifthDay.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\FifthDay.exe
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\FifthDay.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AcceptGoodsInRepairWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AcceptGoodsInRepairWindow.baml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\FifthDay_Content.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\EndRepairWindow.g.cs
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\EndRepairWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\bin\Debug\FifthDay.exe.config
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\FifthDay.exe
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\FifthDay.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\bin\Debug\FifthDay.exe
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\bin\Debug\FifthDay.pdb
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\FifthDay.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AcceptGoodsInRepairWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\EndRepairWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\FifthDay_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\FifthDay_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\FifthDay_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\AcceptGoodsInRepairWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\Windows\EndRepairWindow.baml
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\FifthDay.g.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\FifthDay.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\user\Documents\GitHub\Daily-Tasks-Fifth-Day\FifthDay\FifthDay\obj\Debug\FifthDay.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
